fun fact planet Earth is 4.5 billion
years old mankind about 140,000 years
old let me put that in perspective if
you condense the Earth's lifespan into
24 hours that's one full day than we
have been here on this planet for drum
roll
please 3
seconds 3 seconds and look what we've
done we have modestly named ourselves
Homo sapiens meaning wise men man but is
man really so wise smart yes and it's
good to be smart but not too smart for
your own
good yes we have split the atom yes we
build clever machines that navigate the
universe in search of new homes but at
the same time those atoms we split
created nuclear warfare in our quest to
explore the Galaxy Rejects and neglects
the home that we have here now so no
that cannot be
wisdom wisdom is different while
intelligence speaks wisdom listens and
we willingly covered our ears to Mother
Nature's screams and closed our eyes to
all of her help wanted signs wisdom
knows that every action has an equal and
opposite reaction so if we were wise we
would not be shocked when we see storms
that are stronger than ever before or
more drought hurricanes and Wildfire
than ever before because there's more
pollution than ever before more carbon
more trees cut down than ever before at
a record Pace we have increased the
extinction of animals by 1,000 times the
normal rate what a feat in the next 10
to 100 years every beloved animal
character in every children's book is
predicted to go extinct Lion's gone
rhinos gone tiger gorilla elephant polar
bear gone in 3
seconds species that have been here
longer than us will be gone because of
us in this 3 seconds in an existence
shorter than a Vine video we turn the
circle of life into our own personal
conveyor belt somebody anybody help we
were given so much the only planet in
this solar system with life I mean we
are one in a million no actually
scientifically We Are One in a billion
trillion trillion that's a one followed
by 33 zeros and I don't want to get too
spiritual but how are we not a miracle
we are perfectly positioned to the Sun
so we don't burn but not too distant so
we don't turn to ice goldilock said it
best we are just right this paradise
where we are given medicine from trees
not coincidentally but because the song
says We Are Family literally everything
every species is connected genetically
from the sunflower to the Sunfish and
this is what we must recognize before
it's too late because the real crisis is
not global warming environmental
destruction or animal agriculture it is
us these problems are symptoms of us
byproducts of us are inner reflection
loss of connection is created this
misdirection we have forgotten that
everything contributes to the Perfection
of Mother Nature Corporation ations keep
us unaware and disconnected but they
have underestimated our strength
contrary to popular belief millions are
waking up out of their sleep seeing our
home being taken right up under our feet
we cannot allow our history to be
written by the wicked greedy and Looney
it is our duty to protect Mother Nature
from those who refuse to see her beauty
call me crazy but I believe we should
have the right to eat food that's safe
with ingredients we can pronounce drink
water that is clean Marvel at trees
breathe air free of toxins these are
natural rights not things that can be
bargained for in Congress see they want
you to feel powerless but it has been
said that something as small as the
flutter of a butterflies Wing can cause
a typhoon Halfway Around the World well
when enough people come together we too
will make waves and wash the world into
a new era fill with love and connection
freedom for all without oppression but
it is up to you yes you watching this
behind this screen to make the effort
because time is of the essence and only
together can we make it to the fourth
second
[Music]